telemetry: add tips for agent mode (#12784)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/telemetry/index.md

If you're using [Sidecar](/docs/reference/config/networking/sidecar/) configuration, do not forget to add provider's service.
{{< /tip >}}

{{< tip >}}

> Provider does not support `$(HOST_IP)`, If you're running collector in agent mode, you can [using service internal traffic policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy/#using-service-internal-traffic-policy) to `Local` for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provider does not support `$(HOST_IP)`. If you're running collector in agent mode, you can [use service internal traffic policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy/#using-service-internal-traffic-policy), set internalTrafficPolicy to `Local` for better performance.
```

> Provider does not support `$(HOST_IP)`. If you're running collector in agent mode, you can [use service internal traffic policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy/#using-service-internal-traffic-policy), set `InternalTrafficPolicy` to `Local` for better performance.

Reviewer 2: which provider?

Author: > The Telemetry API uses the concept of providers to indicate the protocol or type of integration to use. Providers can be configured in [`MeshConfig`](/docs/reference/config/istio.mesh.v1alpha1/#MeshConfig-ExtensionProvider).

Reviewer 2: i saw different providers above, so was wondering if the tip is for any specific provider or all of them in general.

> Provider does not support `$(HOST_IP)`. If you're running collector in agent mode, you can [use service internal traffic policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy/#using-service-internal-traffic-policy), set `InternalTrafficPolicy` to `Local` for better performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Providers do not support `$(HOST_IP)`. If you're running collector in agent mode, you can use [service internal traffic policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service-traffic-policy/#using-service-internal-traffic-policy), and set `InternalTrafficPolicy` to `Local` for better performance.
```
